
Admin/GUI Logins (e2e tests)
Verify Common Menu Items and Admin Menu Items for Admin.
Verify Common Menu Items for End User (No admin menu items).
Verify user can request password via forget password link.

GUI Navigation (e2e tests)
Verify all possible navigation to User Profile Page for Admin/EndUser.
Verify all possible navigation to Edit User Profile Page for End User/Admin.
Verify navigation to Change Password Page for End User/Admin.
Verify navigation to Manage User and Create User Page for Admin.

User Profile (e2e tests)
Verify Data on User Profile for Admin and End User.
Verify end user/admin can update user profile and view saved changes.
Verify end user/admin can change password and can login with new password.

Manage Users (e2e tests)
Verify data for all users listed on Manage Users Page (Test against API response).
Verify admin can change the password for another user and that user is able to login.
Verify admin can change the role to super user (or revoke it) and login as that user to verify.
Verify admin can change the role to super user and update password, full name and email. (multiple fields)
Verify admin can change end user status as inactive and user cannot login.
Verify admin can change end user status as active and user can now login.

Create Users (e2e tests)
Verify admin can create new end user and new user can log in / verify.
Verify admin can create new admin user and new user can log in / verify.
Verify admin cannot create two users with same email id.

API Tests (Integration tests)
Verify access token - success, incorrect email/password, missing field.
Validate access token - valid and invalid.
Verify password recovery request.
Verify reset password request.
Verify get all users - valid and invalid access token.
Verify get current user - valid and invalid access token.
Verify get user data by Id.
Verify user update for current user - valid and invalid access token.
Verify user update for fields - full name, email, super user/ active status and password (different combinations)
followed by validation using getUserDataById.
Verify user update by non admin - not enough priviliges.
Create user - admin, non-admin, existing user.

Bugs
password-recovery - api
reset-password - api
current user update - api
user update by admin when password field is omitted - api
password encryption on API
/api/v1/users/ called on GUI when user clicks on Create User or Edit User Button ??


